Kristen Heights Vikings are going to the
Tier three provincial semifinals after
convincing 4121 victory over the rundal
college Cobras on over Birds woof ed
coach just a wrestler was proud of the
accomplishment two-time defending tier
four champions so felt really good we
executed shook off a little bit of rust
at the start the first quarter we just
didn't come out real strong they scouted
us fairly well and stopped our Pro
formation with Harrison Stubbs of the
tight ends they stopped us terrace we
switched up our game plan and then
started to get a rhythm and start to put
things together and then second quarter
and third quarter just really put the
pedal to the metal
football is a game of momentum and
wrestler crowded at a key decision of
the first quarter to turning the tide in
the contest at time out in the first
half was important to stop the guys down
so you know what relax you're good
football team be confident yourselves be
confident in the systems and they calm
down took a breath and yeah we came out
after that really strongly you have an
ex-player that we was that was a
bumbling right after that yeah the
fumble right after that recovered dot
and went down the field and yeah things
turn oh well
the Vikings took a 14-7 lead into the
half and the coach wasn't expecting the
opening kickoff for the third to go the
distance no actually it was a middle
return that kind of kind of got botched
to the to the right side of our return
and Scotch is busted it and took it to
the house it was great
it's about how in grade 11 just it could
be a grade 12 basically he does
everything for us some very versatile he
really showed me that he was a strong
leader by just taking control its he's
in pretty good shape we have a lot of
guys that play both ways which I would
love to get away from but you know with
the depth we just can't but yeah he's in
good shape and I don't think he came off
the field after about the first series
quarterback Scott Anna wasn't the only
guy who was a key contributor in a
quarterfinal yeah Harrison really played
while I just watched the film yesterday
morning to do the D stats nine solos and
one assist and a sack stop that punt
that they fumbled and everything he just
he's a beast out there he's impossible
to stop unless you got a double team on
him when he wants to break through the
line he can definitely do it for you
yeah he pulled his calf a little bit but
he's fine he looked fun today so he'll
be he'll be good to go next
yeah you couldn't really ask for better
ending I knew it was over but to pick up
a fumble and return it for a final score
is definitely giving us a good feeling
going into the next one however wrestler
and squad have a big task ahead of them
battling the first overall Cochran
Cobras the same squad that has won a six
provincial championship since 2002 of a
super strong program they're going to be
a tough challenge they haven't lost the
game this year I believe they're 10 and
all right now encouraging though because
they only beat Winston 27-17 and we
scouted Winston last weekend so I think
we'll hang with them you know a few
things go our way I expect to be on top
so I don't think we're out of our league
and I'm really looking forward to the
contest whoever comes out of the South
has a real good opportunity to win
provincial so this self finals big and
if we can beat them we can beat anybody
into your three across problems that's
for sure yeah we're seven and three now
on the year and our three losses came
against how high we got to get that out
of our system but you know we beat seven
other football teams which is which is
fantastic and we feel good you know
since 1997 crest Knights hasn't been in
a provincial semi-final so it's a good
feeling not satisfied yet would like to
win another game in matter if we could
win provincials this year will be all
the better forward in the future the
South final will take place saturday
november nineteenth at one o'clock in
medicine hat for Shaw TV I'm Dave Dawson
you